1. State whether the mean, median, or mode would be useful in the following scenarios:

a. You are doing population statistics. You are asked to give an estimate of the typical income of a single person in the country. 
There is one snag: wealth distribution is out of whack, and 10% of the population holds 70% of the nation’s wealth. - Median, since the wealthy  stats would skew the mean
b.  You are running a restaurant, and you are reviewing your menu. 
You have a list of all orders over the last six months. You are trying to fi nd out which item you should keep based on what customers seem to like the most. -Mode since it identifies the most frequently ordered item, which tells you what customers like best.
c. You have been buying electricity once a month for the fi rst six months of the year. 
You are trying to budget your electricity for the rest of the year and therefore need to estimate how much you will spend for the remainder of the year. - Mean, since we need an average to decide how much should 
be budgeted for.

d. You work in healthcare insurance. You are asked to provide an estimate of the typical amount of money spent on healthcare. 
This is taking into account the fact that there are a few people who spend a large amount of money on medical healthcare due to major issues. - Median. 
We don't want to use mean here, since the few people with very high costs would skew the results.

2. State whether you would use variance or standard deviation to inform the following decisions:
a. You are choosing a new Internet provider. You fi nd two providers with the same mean speed, 
but you want to have a more stable connection. You get a list of all reported speeds over the last month and are trying to fi nd the provider 
that doesn’t move too much from the mean value. - Variance because we want to compare the spread mathematically between two providers.
b. You are going on holiday to Mauritius. You need to fi nd a shuttle from the airport to your hotel, 
but you are worried about being overcharged or undercharged (being undercharged might mean that you get unreliable transport). 
You get a list of all available shuttle service prices and need to fi nd out which services, if any, are overcharging or undercharging. - Standard Deviation  is better here because it’s in the same units as the data and see how much prices deviate in actual dollars to identify outliers.
